>> Jimmy: WE'RE BACK WITH KOBE
BRYANT.
THIS IS HIS BOOK.
IT'S CALLED "THE MAMBA
MENTALITY."
WHO CAME UP WITH "MAMBA
MENTALITY" THE PHRASE.
>> I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT WAS GOING
ON WITH TWITTER AND I STARTED
THROWING STUFF OUT THERE, BEING
MY USUAL SARCASTIC STUFF AND I
THREW OUT MAMBA MENTALITY.
>> Jimmy: IT'S GOOD.
THE COVER PHOTO IS FANTASTIC.
>> ANDY BERNSTEIN.
IF YOU'VE SEEN ANY PICTURE IN
THE NBA THAT YOU ABSOLUTELY
LOVE, HE TOOK THAT PICTURE.
THIS GUY IS A LEGEND.
>> Jimmy: IS THIS A REAL DRIP OF
SWEAT?
>> THAT'S -- YEAH.
I BELIEVE THAT IS A REAL DRIP OF
SWEAT, ALTHOUGH I DO NOT
REMEMBER THE EXACT MOMENT THAT I
BEGAN TO PERSPIRE DURING THAT
PARTICULAR CONTEST, BUT I THINK
IT'S AUTHENTIC.
>> Jimmy: ONE OF THE THINGS THAT
I THOUGHT WAS MOST INTERESTING
IN THE BOOK IS THAT YOU READ --
AND THIS GOES BACK TO THE
LUNATIC THING.
YOU READ THE REFEREE'S OFFICIAL
HANDBOOK TO FIND OUT WHERE THE
REFEREES ARE ON THE COURT.
EXPLAIN THIS IDEA.
>> WELL, IT'S A RULEBOOK AND THE
OFFICIALS HAVE TO BE IN CERTAIN
POSITIONS SO IF YOU WATCH A
GAME, YOU'LL SEE OFFICIALS
SLIDING IN DIFFERENT AREAS.
YOU HAVE YOUR SLOT OFFICIAL AND
SO ON.
AND SO I READ IT TO UNDERSTAND
WHERE THEY NEED TO BE IN CERTAIN
MOMENTS OF TIME SO IF I NEED TO
GET AWAY WITH A FOUL --
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
I RUSH BACK THERE.
THE SLOT OFFICIAL'S NOT GOING TO
SEE THIS LITTLE HOLD RIGHT HERE.
>> Jimmy: HAD ANY PLAYER YOU
KNOW EVER DONE THAT BEFORE?
>> NOT THAT I KNOW OF.
>> Jimmy: THAT IS ABSOLUTELY
NUTS.
YOU ALSO WROTE SOMETHING THAT I
THOUGHT WAS VERY, VERY
INTERESTING.
YOU WROTE, "A BIG SHOT IS JUST A
SHOT."
IS THAT RIGHT?
>> YEAH.
WE PSYCH OURSELVES UP TOO MUCH.
IF YOU TRY TO TALK YOURSELF
INTO, THIS IS A BIG MOMENT, IT'S
A BIG SHOT, YOU'RE PUTTING A LOT
OF PRESSURE ON YOURSELF.
YOU'VE SHOT THAT SHOT HUNDREDS
AND THOUSANDS OF TIMES, JUST
SHOOT ANOTHER ONE.
>> Jimmy: SO WHEN YOU WOULD TAKE
THOSE SHOTS IN OVERTIME OR LAST
SECOND OR PLAYOFFS, LONG SHOTS,
YOU DIDN'T HAVE ANY EXTRA
ANYTHING ON YOU?
>> NOPE.
I'VE DONE IT THOUSANDS OF TIMES
BEFORE.
IT'S LIKE YOU GETTING UP AND
DOING A MONOLOGUE.
>> Jimmy: REALLY?
>> IT'S LIKE BREATHING.
YOU DO IT SO MANY TIMES, YOU
JUST DO IT AGAIN.
>> Jimmy: DO YOU FEEL LIKE OTHER
PLAYERS ALSO FEEL THAT WAY?
>> WELL, IF THEY DON'T FEEL THAT
WAY, IT MEANS THEY'RE NOT
GETTING ENOUGH REPS IN.
BECAUSE AFTER A WHILE, IT'S LIKE